A single-well push-pull test injects thermal energy into an aquifer
Radial Darcian velocity decreases with distance from the well so
Laboratory evidence supports a power-law rather than universally
D k/(rho c) + beta l,t v m
Aquifer advection-dispersion-conduction balance with conductive
Spatiotemporal temperature fields and wellbore breakthrough curves
Small-RMSE agreement with the prior semi-analytical LTD solution
Time-dependent absolute-mean and interaction sensitivity rankings
Paired spatial-temperature plumes and wellbore breakthrough curves
A calibrated linear-dispersion baseline for each predefined nonlinear
Radial extraction-phase NLTD effective-diffusivity distributions for
Radial extraction-phase LTD effective-diffusivity distributions for
NLTD-to-LTD effective-diffusivity ratio distributions around the well
Efficiency eta across dispersivity and injection-extraction rate ratio
Best-fit beta value conditional on the candidate exponent
One reported beta-m pair for each field site
Improved interpretation of observations from two in situ thermal SWPP
Across the two field tests incorporating nonlinear velocity-dependent